Title: PK_2023-02-05.pro

“7 Core Value Slide- Review”
book: verses

“Core Value Slide- Dependent & Urgent Prayer”
book: verses

Prayer:

Making a connection with God.

Trust in him at all times, O people; pour out your heart before him; God is a refuge for us.

— Psalm 62:8

“MIllionaire photo”
— Reference

Prayer is only as significant in your life as God is significant in your life!

…praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end, keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints…

— Eph 3:18

“Broiler photo”
— Reference

But you, dear friends, must build each other up in your most holy faith, pray in the power of the Holy Spirit…

— Jude 1:20

Dependent prayer is our declaration of dependence!

“Declaration of Independence picture”
— Reference

For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the Lord.

— Isaiah 55:8

Have you not known? Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth.

He does not faint or grow weary; his understanding is unsearchable.

— Isaiah 40:28

He determines the number of the stars; he gives to all of them their names.

Great is our Lord, and abundant in power; his understanding is beyond measure.

— Psalm 147:4-5

When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have set in place,

what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?

— Psalm 8:3-4

who made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, who keeps faith forever;

— Psalm 146:6

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places,

even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and blameless before him.

In love he predestined us for adoption to himself as sons through Jesus Christ, according to the purpose of his will,

to the praise of his glorious grace, with which he has blessed us in the Beloved.

— Eph 1:3-6

If you then, who are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask him!

— Matt 7:11

But Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”

— Matt 19:26

[ Here’s a List ]

1). Transformation



And I am sure of this, that he who began a good work in you will bring it to completion at the day of Jesus Christ.

— Phil 1:6

Search me, O God, and know my heart! Try me and know my thoughts! And see if there be any grievous way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting!

— Psalm 139:23-24

[ Here’s a List ]

1). Transformation
2). Revelation


Call to me and I will answer you, and will tell you great and hidden things that you have not known.

— Jer 33:3

But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I have said to you.

— John 14:26

[ Here’s a List ]

1). Transformation
2). Revelation
3). Provision

Be gracious to me, O Lord, for to you do I cry all the day. Gladden the soul of your servant, for to you, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.

For you, O Lord, are good and forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you.

Give ear, O Lord, to my prayer; listen to my plea for grace. In the day of my trouble I call upon you, for you answer me.

— Psalm 86:3-7

…praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication.

To that end, keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints, and also for me, that words may be given to me in opening my mouth boldly to proclaim the mystery of the gospel,

for which I am an ambassador in chains, that I may declare it boldly, as I ought to speak.

— Eph 6:18-20

“At the judgement seat the most embarrassing thing the believer will face will be the smallness of his praying. Pray[er] is the most unexplored area of the Christian life.”
— Leonard Ravenhill

“Pray Led”

Urgent Prayer is our desperation for divine intervention!

I appeal to you, brothers, by our Lord Jesus Christ and by the love of the Spirit, to strive together with me in your prayers to God on my behalf…

— Rom 15:30

“Camelback mountain pic”
— Reference

House of Prayer
Sundays at 9:00AM
Wednesdays at 5:30AM

Nights of Prayer
Sundays at 5:00PM

First of all, then, I urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for all people…

— 1 Tim 2:1

Pray now, Church

